Godfather ipsum dolor sit amet. The hotel, the casino. The Corleone Family wants to buy you out. Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment. I have a sentimental weakness for my children and I spoil them, as you can see. They talk when they should listen. It's an old habit. I spent my whole life trying not to be careless. Women and children can afford to be careless, but not men.

Very well. You want to do business with me. I will do business with you. If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone. Why did you go to the police? Why didn't you come to me first? Michael, you never told me you knew Johnny Fontane!

Don't ever give an order like that again. Not while I'm alive. I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart! It's a Sicilian message. It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes. Sonny, please don't do anything. Please don't do anything.

What's the matter with you? Is this what you've become, a Hollywood finocchio who cries like a woman? "Oh, what do I do? What do I do?" What is that nonsense? Ridiculous! Te salut, Don Corleone. I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let's work through where we go from here. Do me this favor. I won't forget it. Ask your friends in the neighborhood about me. They'll tell you I know how to return a favor. Hey, listen, I want somebody good - and I mean very good - to plant that gun. I don't want my brother coming out of that toilet with just his dick in his hands, alright?

I don't trust a doctor who can hardly speak English. Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever. My father's name was Antonio Andolini... and this is for you. Friends and money - oil and water. I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.

Your enemies always get strong on what you leave behind. I'm your older brother, Mike, and I was stepped over! Why do you hurt me, Michael? I've always been loyal to you. You can act like a man!

My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator. Is that why you slapped my brother around in public? Vito, how do you like my little angel? Isn't she beautiful?

I want your answer and the money by noon tomorrow. And one more thing. Don't you contact me again, ever. From now on, you deal with Turnbull. What's wrong with being a lawyer? What's the matter with you, huh? What am I going to do? Am I going to make that baby an orphan before he's born? I don't like violence, Tom. I'm a businessman; blood is a big expense.